App State to 3.1 (#17122)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/app-state.md

* Does the app run in a server farm on multiple servers? If so, there's no additional configuration required to use the cookie TempData provider outside of Data Protection (see <xref:security/data-protection/introduction> and [Key storage providers](xref:security/data-protection/implementation/key-storage-providers)).

Most web clients such as web browsers enforce limits on the maximum size of each cookie and the total number of cookies. When using the cookie TempData provider, verify the app won't exceed [these limits](http://www.faqs.org/rfcs/rfc2965.html). Consider the total size of the data. Account for increases in cookie size due to encryption and chunking.

### Configure the TempData provider

The cookie-based TempData provider is enabled by default.

To enable the session-based TempData provider, use the [AddSessionStateTempDataProvider](/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.mvcviewfeaturesmvcbuilderextensions.addsessionstatetempdataprovider) extension method:

<!-- requires review: -->
[!code-csharp[](app-state/samples/3.x/SessionSample/Startup3.cs?name=snippet1&highlight=4,6,25)]

> The order of middleware is important. Call `UseSession` after `UseStaticFiles` and before `UseRouting`. See [Middleware Ordering](xref:fundamentals/middleware/index#order).

Reviewer: A couple of comments here:

- The referenced "Middleware order" section shows `UseSession` _after_ `UseRouting`, but before `UseEndpoints`. I think that's correct.
- This explanation appears twice in the topic. Just flagging that in case it's not intentional.

The [HttpContext.Items](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.http.httpcontext.items) collection is used to store data while processing a single request. The collection's contents are discarded after a request is processed. The `Items` collection is often used to allow components or middleware to communicate when they operate at different points in time during a request and have no direct way to pass parameters.

In the following example, [middleware](xref:fundamentals/middleware/index) adds `isVerified` to the `Items` collection:

[!code-csharp[](app-state/samples/3.x/SessionSample/Startup4.cs?name=snippet1)]

> -For middleware that's only used by a single app, fixed `string` keys are acceptable. Middleware shared between app instances should use unique object keys to avoid key collisions. The following example shows how to use a unique object key defined in a middleware class:

Author: @serpent5  please suggest better wording.

> -For middleware that's only used by a single app, fixed `string` keys are acceptable. Middleware shared between app instances should use unique object keys to avoid key collisions. The following example shows how to use a unique object key defined in a middleware class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For middleware that's only used in a single app, fixed `string` keys are acceptable. Middleware shared between apps should use unique object keys to avoid key collisions. The following example shows how to use a unique object key defined in a middleware class:
```
